Remember, every file described below has #comments, use these comments as guidelines for your update!

# Homekit Infused Release v. 0.12.3

Hi all, I have been absent lately as I had a lot of server issues which needed to be addressed first. But now I am back and to stop keeping you waiting I will release this version today. It only contains small updates and thus 0.13.x will come either next week or within 2 weeks. Enjoy! In this release I have changed a lot for my personal situation as I have switched to Hass.io AND I have ditched my Tradfri hub for a Conbee2 with deCONZ. This means (for all file comparers out there) that many files have changed though they are only entities. And I am pretty sure you don't have the same entities so you wont need to change all of that. All changes are mentioned below as usual.

### Changes Overview 31/08/2019:
v. 0.12.3
- Renamed decluttering-template FILES and removed decluttering-templates.yaml (Special thanks to @xMrVizzy for this great tip!)
- Fixed theme on the second swipe on the vacuum page
- Fixed weird colors in notifications (this fix will be temporary)
- Minor bugfixes

## Update Guide from 0.12.2 to 0.12.3:
Please read this first. In all changed files there is a `# Changed/Added in 0.12.3` tag. Change/Add these lines in your own files. Most changes are relatively small. Find these tags in any of the files that have changed so you can easily change/add your own lines/files.
This is true for every file below. Note: If it says a file has changed but there are no comments, than it is most likely you only need to remove lines. Below you can read which lines/stacks you will need to remove.
I am only human, I do this for hobby, am an amateur and bound to make mistakes. If you find anything missing to the information below feel free to make suggestions.

#### Changed:
*Templates: if you do not change templates I provide you can always just copy these files without the need of checking the code, Unless when there are added variables!
- button-template.yaml (it has the ha-card-background in a template now so you can easily change the standard color of any button)
- person-more-info-template.yaml (it now has the battery sensor templated in a better way, use your entity instead of a fixed number now!)
- renamed ALL templates (again, srry. this change is actually a great one and hinted by @xMrVizzy. it eliminates the use of decluttering-templates.yaml and now all template names used in decluttering-cards will take the same name as the file name. If you have followed my 0.12.2 update in which you have renamed a lot of templates in the views I have good news. you ONLY need to change the filenames, nothing else! If you want to create new templates now you will no longer need to define all the templates in decluttering-templates.yaml as it will get the names directly of the filenames. Change ui-lovelace.yaml with the new path as well)

*Configuration: please do not copy these files, copy the lines you need.
- Changed ui-lovelace.yaml (the path to decluttering templates is now an !include_dir, this makes templating even more easy!)
- Changed configuration.yaml (the top part has been removed so that you can configure your location/height/timezone and measuring units within the UI. this is only useful for new users that have gone through the onboarding process or for users that really want to use the UI to configure their home location)
- Changed sensor.yaml (added a icon template to the xiaomi vacuum battery template, you will not notice much of it in this release but is prework for the next release)
- Changed switch.yaml (the computer switches now use RPC addon as turn_off option, whereas before it would use a shell_command. I will leave the shell command on the server for people that do not use hass.io)

*Views: views contain information about your own entities, do not just copy this!
- Changed vacuum.yaml (it now has the correct colors when used with dark theme, I thought I had fixed it in last weeks update, but it seemed that I had missed this one. some show_state entries were empty, these have been corrected. Please see the comments for all changes in this view)
- Changed stephanie/jimmy.yaml (both now use a full battery entity as this has been changed in the person-more-info.yaml template)
- Changed climate.yaml (added some sensors, changed all the bar graphs back to a line graph, it looks better with temperature/humidity entities imho)

*Popup-cards:
- Changed notification-popup.yaml (all entities have been removed from the variables config, it did not play well with the light theme. Use the default entity instead, this is already templated and you don't need to specify one. Just remove all entity variables and switch all notifications that had a toggle option to use a service-call with a toggle instead. See my file for examples. This will fix the ugly white text. Note that by doing this the notification popup will not show states. This fix is only temporary as I will get into css soon)
- Changed notification-popup.yaml (fixed xiaomi-vacuum entity to open up the right popup card)

*Automations: automations might be completely different than yours, only get what you need!
- Added automations for Ikea Tradfri Remote Controls (this only works if you use something like deCONZ)

*Other: completely unnecessary but I will mention it anyways
- Changed frontpage.yaml (the quick-access-menu now has a developer-tools link instead of profile)
- Remove Tile custom_component (since HA 0.98 has released this component is working again, you can safely remove this!)
- Changed secrets.yaml (it now is a bit more readable, still this is a work in progress)

Remember that I am only human and that there is a possibility that I have missed something here. If you think something is missing from the docs please open an issue on the github page.
