Remember, every file described below has #comments, use these comments as guidelines for your update!

# Homekit Infused Release v. 0.13.0

Hello everyone, it is finally here the 0.13.0 update of my Homekit Infused setup. I am terribly sorry that it took such a long time, but this update changes a lot in terms of.... well, in terms of many things. The setup has a lot of new features, a boatload of fixes and improvements and just way too much to summarize in a single phrase (or even a few phrases for that matter). While we are at it I will mention that if you have just started to adopt my setup, you are probably better of starting over with the newer files as updating from 0.12.3 to 0.13.0 will probably take a lot of time, a lot of tries, a lot of errors (because this update should be done carefully!) and maybe a lot of sweat and swearing. But I will try to be as thorough as possible in the guide. If you are someone that has adopted my setup in the past than you will have to follow the guide with absolute care! WARNING!!!! ```MAKE A BACKUP``` so that you can ALWAYS go back to your working setup. If you don't find the time to do it in a single day, you can simply copy what you have done to a separate folder, put the backup back so that you are not without a working HA frontend and continue the next day! I will repeat ```MAKE A FREAKIN' BACKUP```. DO NOT TAKE THIS UPDATE LIGHTLY, COMPARE YOUR FILES CAREFULLY!!!
I hope you enjoy this release like I do. Remember that my project is still a work in progress! This means that files are bound to change often. Maybe one day I will find the time/will/means to make this setup a lot easier to configure, but for now you will have to do with what I've got. I will try to fix issues and or add features that are requested by you, and this release is no different. So lets get into it!
### Extra Note:
- Releases get reviewed by people that adopt my releases. I do not have the time to review all releases myself, I have a full-time job and work on HA at the same time (oh and did I mention all the support I give on HA problems on various channels like discord/slack/whatsapp?). So please if you find anything missing in the update files or docs open an issue on my repo and it will be added/changed. Also note that in some cases I did not mark the changes, there are so many changes sometimes that it is better to just read my guides. Follow them and you will be fine. Thank you for your patience.

### Changes Overview 30/09/2019:
v. 0.13.0
- Completely rewritten themes (with a very very special thanks to @marswarrior for the inspiration)
- Ability to have icon and color templates within buttons
- Fixed some older templates for issues that people had when having a too different entity name
- New printer popup with ink levels (thanks to @ Jeroen Klompen and Stephan for sharing their code)
- New air quality sensor and card
- New afvalbeheer (dutch garbagecollection) sensors and cards
- New widgetpanel (in the style of Apple's own widgets, experimental)
- New theme editor with awesome real-time card switchers (add shadow, change border-radius and/or add glow with an easy drop-down menu)
- Fixed remote control panel (the ATV finally works with tvOS 13, although only semi-working, sufficient for using it with a remote again)
- Dynamic frontpage button depending on state (e.g. when the tv turns on, the 'cleaning' button will change to a 'remote control' button. This is experimental)
- Added Computers/Servers page in the menu (early stage)
- Added Automations to menu (for some reason this hasn't been in HKI since a while, I never thought of it until I needed it, if you had this from a very old setup, well it is back and fixed)
- Reworked download center (it has a graph and more sensors now, experimental)
- New theme: disable global themes. Use this theme if you prefer to have personal themes instead of a backend-selected theme. (in this version border-radius, shadows and glow can not be set with a personal theme, this will change in the future)
- Added New Valetudo live vacuum map for Xiaomi robots (You NEED to root your vacuum for this, without rooting this is not going to work and you should omit the changes that come with this, thanks @ Chris Smit for telling me how to root the vacuum)
- Added notification badge to the frontpage to the 4 buttons on the first row, it will show you how many devices are currently on in that specific category
- Added new popup to those same 4 buttons, if a hold_action/deep_press is done on any of those 4 buttons you will see a popup with all the lights that are currently on
- And many many fixes and improvements overall, as usual you should read the update guide for a detailed overview of the changes.
- All lovelace addons can be fully updated again as all developers have fixed their addons for use with iOS 13, yay!

## Update Guide from 0.12.3 to 0.13.0:
Please read this first. In all changed files there is a `# Changed/Added in 0.13.0` tag. Change/Add these lines in your own files. Most changes are relatively small. Find these tags in any of the files that have changed so you can easily change/add your own lines/files.
This is true for every file below. Note: If it says a file has changed but there are no comments, than it is most likely you only need to remove lines. Below you can read which lines/stacks you will need to remove. It could also mean that you will need to change a line in CSS as it putting comments into it is not allowed.
I am only human, I do this for hobby, am an amateur and bound to make mistakes. If you find anything missing to the information below feel free to make suggestions.

#### Added
*Includes: if you use the same configuration as I do, you can just copy these files
- Added dynamic-battery-color.yaml (this is a template that can be used for battery entities, it will change the color of an icon depending on a number, it could be used for other entities that use number in a scale from 1-100)
- Added dynamic-battery-icon.yaml (this is a template that can be used for battery entities, it will change the icon of a battery entity depending on the battery-level, it can not be used for other entities)

*Addons and Resources: if you use the same configuration as I do, you can just copy the resources file
- Added bar-card (you can find this in HACS, if you don't you will have to install this manually)
- Added air-visual-card (you can find this in HACS, if you don't you will have to install this manually)
- Added valetudo-map-card (you can find this in HACS, if you don't you will have to install this manually)
- Added xiaomi-vacuum-card (you can find this in HACS, if you don't you will have to install this manually)

*Views: if you didn't have any of these views in the past you can simply copy this as there is nothing to break
- Added computers.yaml (this file is meant to monitor computers and servers, currently I have only added simple on/off buttons but I will rework this view in the future)
- Added automations.yaml (this file is meant to toggle certain automations on or off, if you already have this you probably don't need this!)
- Added 01.widgets.yaml (this is the new widgets page, you probably don't have this. For this to work properly you will have to set your cch config to have the second view as the default view. The widget view will now hold widgets as a weather/air quality widget, a xiaomi vacuum widget and a garbage collection widget. garbage collection is for Dutch citizens but with a little sensor change you can use this with your own garbage collection sensors. In the future this page will get more cards like football scores, public transport cards, a news feed, a quick music playlist selector and many many more functions which I have yet to come up with)

*Custom_components: get them yourself, don't just copy (yes you can just copy them, but I would advise against it as I don't update them often on the repo, stop being lazy and get it with HACS or import it into HACS)
- Added apple_tv_mrp (a fix for apple tv's running tvOS 13, most functions work)
- Added afvalbeheer (for dutch users only)
- Added grocy (used to integrate grocy into HA, you will still need to have the grocy application)

#### Changed:
*CSS: IMPORTANT IMPORTANT IMPORTANT
I have put this piece at the top of the Changed list because of the simple reason that this is a LOT of work especially if you do not use a copy of my templates. CSS is called differently within card-mod and button-card so the templates will look slightly different. If you use my templates then you will have a slight advantage.
So lets get into CSS and what has changed!
- Theming has been redone with a MASSIVE THANKS to @marswarrior for the inspiration. He makes great themes and it has inspired me to code it more like he did. Initially I wanted to have an exact copy so that you could theoretically download his themes to work on my configuration, but there are colors that don't serve my needs or there are variables that were simply not coded in. So I have decided to code it myself but still with a lot of inspiration from @marswarrior. I mainly use the colors he configured to work with the standard HA interface (e.g. developer-tools and UI) although I made a lot of tweaks so that pages that looked bad in darkmode will be readable now. I have tweaked colors to be used on iPhones with a notch, the statusbar doesn't allow us to have decent themes so I prefer to have a status bar in the color of the wallpaper. This however makes theming a lot harder on other elements as it uses primary-color to color the status bar and this is used everywhere. Like I said in an earlier update is that I was already happy with my lovelace frontend colors and I have slightly changed their colors and all buttons/cards have a slight gradient added to them. It is really subtle but it sure does look better.
- ALL css config has changed in EVERY SINGLE FILE!!!!!! It has homekit-card-on and homekit-card-off renamed and has all border-radius and box-shadow changed or added. Yes this means almost all names in all your files that has separate css config must be changed. I have tried to keep as much of the old names as possible and still cleaning up the themes, you will find that themes are a lot easier to understand now. Css has names like border-radius, box-shadow and background or ha-card-background. You will need to change the names in each and every file you have. Missing pieces will make their config revert to default and that will not look great (unless your current theme has everything as default). It is not hard to do, it is only a lot of work and you will have to find all of the pieces yourself as I can not tag in those places as that isn't allowed. On most pages this is only 2 to 5 cards which should be fairly simple to do. Config usually is configured like
```
- type: entity-button
  style: |
    ha-card {
      border-radius: 12px;
    }
```
This is only an example and you should copy the ones used in my config. Note that I have added a box-shadow to all cards!
Note that border-radius and box-shadow have a template based on an input_boolean, do not forget to copy those or else it will revert to default values. The copying of these files are discussed further down the guide, you do not need to do this straight away.

I will encourage you to do these steps first!

Note: ALL old themes have been removed!!!!! They will no longer work once you have setup the new way of defining css. You will find that many little pieces of detail will look a bit better now compared to the past themes. Using the new themes will render the old ones useless once conversion is complete. You can then safely remove them (or keep as souvenir XD)
There are 3 themes included with this release with new ones coming up in the future. The first ones are two themes you already know but now they are only better, the dark and white theme and properly named Space Gray and Silver now. The third theme is what I'd like to call a WAF theme (aka Wife Acceptance Factor Skin, obviously this isn't true for every woman as some woman hate pink, not the singer but the actual color XD, although I'm pretty sure there are also women that hate the singer :P). Remember that you will have to change theme names in your automations as well. If you don't know what to do you can take an example from my automations (or just copy them as the names are the same).

*Templates: if you do not change templates I provide you can always just copy these files without the need of checking the code
- Changed quick-access-menu.yaml (it has its border radius changed in the template and some lines removed related to color, they are no longer needed with the new themes)
- Changed button.yaml (it has its border radius changed in the template, added box-shadow and many changes related to css and naming, see comments in the file. A new config field is added as well, custom_fields, please add the lines to your config, and add it to default config at the top. Remember if you never change my templates and locations you can just copy this without the need of changing your own files)
- Changed button.yaml (double mention, but this time a big warning! This template has changed the hardcoded icon mdi, it means that ANY button used in your lovelace setup will need to be renamed and have a prefix of mdi. e.g with the old template all you needed to enter in your decluttering cards was the icon name without the mdi prefix. This has changed and now it will need the mdi: prefix on EVERY view, template, notification, include you have. Basically ALL files that have icons configured in their respective decluttering cards! This will not break your setup, but it will break all icons if you do not fix this. The reason behind this is so that decluttering cards will now also accept icon templates, you will see examples of this later on in the guide, this change will not be mentioned further in the guide!!)
- Changed person.yaml (it has all hardcoded prefixes removed. e.g. old template: sensor.[[name]] new template: '[[name]]', this give the ability to use other entity types and have an easier to configure picture elements card on your homescreen, you will have to change the config on your frontpage.yaml which contains your picture-elements)
- Changed notification.yaml (many changes related to css, please view the tags for all changes. Remember templates can be copied safely if you haven't changed my previous templates!)

*Views: views contain information about your own entities, do not just copy this! I repeat, you can NOT safely copy these files as it will overwrite your entities with mine!!! CAREFUL!
- Changed main_view.yaml (renamed to 02.main_view.yaml)
- Changed lights.yaml (renamed to 03.lights.yaml)
- Changed devices.yaml (renamed to 04.devices.yaml)
- Changed main-menu.yaml (added automations and computers button to the menu, I have moved all buttons to keep them in alphabetical order)
- Changed frontpage.yaml (removed swipe-card, this was bugging for most users anyways, the quick-menu is now only shown when the alarm is armed, in all other cases it will show the buttons and as the quickmenu buttons have the same shortcuts as the ones on the button rows it was rather useless to have this in a swipe-card. this might fix some users spacing issues, it is also needed for shadows to work properly on the weather card. The lower left button is now a conditional button depending on state, it will show a 'cleaning/maintenance' button by default as it already was, but now when a tv turns on it will show you a 'remote control' button there instead)
- Changed frontpage.yaml (the upper 4 buttons on the frontpage button rows now have a notification badge, the entire config of those 4 buttons has changed and you should copy the config, DO NOT COPY THE ENTIRE FILE, just the config of those 4 buttons, ofcourse you should keep your own entities. You will need to make template sensors, but we will talk about this a bit further along the way in this guide)
- Changed themes.yaml (new dropdown menu's have been added which will let you add shadows/glow and change border-radius of all cards with a simple selector)
- Changed vacuum.yaml (the battery icon is now dynamic, here is a first example of what I talked about earlier on in this guide. This is one of the reasons the hardcoded mdi: prefix had to go, the icon color is now dynamic as well. Added Valetudo live maps, this is the last page in the swipe card config, you will not have to add this valetudo config if you do not have a rooted xiaomi robot. Rooting is super easy and should not be shunned away from. Honestly the steps are pretty simple and it is hard to brick your vacuum just like that if you follow the steps. I will post a video on youtube on how to do this in the future)
- Changed security.yaml (this has now some cool dynamic icons without the need of having to define operators in the decluttering_templates, if you've never heard of operators don't worry, you don't have to. This is the perfect example to the dynamic icons I talked about earlier and why the mdi: prefix had to go. You can use this template for anything you'd like and for any button you want as long as you have my template installed)
- Changed weather.yaml (added air-quality-card, changed size of windy and buienradar iframe)
- Changed remote.yaml (not even going to mention the fixes here as there are a lot. This page has been sitting in limbo since the first beta of tvOS 13 and only had some minor fixes over the months. Most problems have now been fixed and I have worked a little on aesthetics as well)
- Changed downloads.yaml (new sensors have been added and switched out the sabnzbd sensors for a nzbget variant, I will add qbittorrent sensors in the future to this view)

*Includes: if you didn't change any of these, you can safely copy these
- Changed simple-weather-card.yaml (I mention this one as it is easy to miss, it has css changes. Remember that you need to hardcode your city in this file!)

*Compact-Custom_Header: if you use the same order for views and no header then you can just copy this
- Changed compact-custom-header.yaml (now view 5 is hidden as well, whereas it wasn't before, edit this to your own likings)

*Configuration: please do not copy these files, copy the lines you need.
- Changed configuration.yaml (themes are configured differently with an include_dir, this will make the file configuration/themes.yaml no longer necessary and theme names will now be drawn from filenames just like drawing template names from decluttering-cards in ui-lovelace.yaml is, you can delete this file. It now has config added for Grocy, the Apple TV and the new Plex config method. For this you will need to install some custom components which I will not provide. Grocy can be installed in Hass.io as an addon or you will have to download it standalone. Plex well, it is Plex who doesn't know this? and the Apple TV has some semi success in working again with tvOS13 thanks to @chamberlain2007, please import his addon into HACS. I have not included the files myself as it is not in a productive state unless you only want to use it for automations on play/pause states or use the remote.
- Changed ui-lovelace.yaml (it now uses an include_dir_merge_list instead of defining every view separately. This makes troubleshooting a bit harder but adding new views a lot quicker. This change is NOT mandatory and you can keep doing it the old way by defining each view separately. This is where the renamed views come in, I have named them 01. to 04. as I want those files to be first where 01 is the first view and 04 the fourth. This is used for cch and swipe functionality on the homescreen. For this to work you will have to add spaces to each view, please open and compare a view to see what I mean exactly. Once again this is a lot of work, but luckily for you guys you can still use the old style. If you want to keep using the old style, you will not need to prefix the files you want to swipe on with numbers as you will already have them defined in your ui-lovelace.yaml file and obviously you won't need to add the spaces to the beginning of the lines. Basically nothing really changes except the creation of newer views will be simpler with the new style.)
- Changed automations (I have added a lot of automations related to Philips and IKEA remotes, all theme names have been changed in the automations, your old automations will no longer work, Please check all the tags in the file. You will have to copy the entire bottom area to your automations as they control the themes in humanly understandable fashion, without these theme selector will give you choices as '2px 2px 2px 0px rgba(0,0,0,0.0)' instead of 'small', 'large' or 'default')
- Changed input_select.yaml (added new input_selects, you will need these for themes to work properly)
- Changed input_boolean.yaml (added new input_booleans, you will need this for popup-cards to work properly on the frontpage)
- Changed sensor.yaml (added a lot of new sensors and a few template sensors. Within these template sensors you will have to put in your own entities. This is needed for the notification badges on the frontpage to work properly. Added HP printer ink level sensor, added nzbget sensor, added qbittorrent sensor, added afvalbeheer sensor, added air visual sensor, added sensor for valetudo. Your config may vary but having the template sensors that show all lights/devices/radiators and sensors is a MUST for notification badges to work on the frontpage. Without this it will look horribly bad!)

*Notifications: you have probably changed these files, please compare and take what you need/desire
- Changed notifications.yaml (it has new notifications for when the alarm is armed to be displayed on the frontpage. It will show you which lights and devices are left 'on')

*Popup-cards:
- Changed notification-popup.yaml (changes to css, see tags and added new popup-views that will show you the lights/devices that are currently on when using a hold_action/deep_press on one of the top 4 buttons on the frontpage. It also works on the notification that shows how many lights are on when the alarm is armed as the frontpanel is hidden when the alarm is armed)
- Changed device-popup.yaml (changed printer popup card, it now has a more detailed one showing ink levels and pages printed. It works a bit similar to the energy popups I introduced in an earlier release)

*Other:
- Added images
- Added secrets to secrets.yaml (don't worry, I will not put my actual passwords in that file for you to read XD)

*Known Issues:
- CSS is still in progress, don't worry the renaming is mostly done, the configuration of colors is still being worked on. I have hardcoded color names in right now but eventually I will want to switch to use material-design coloring (which is currently not available within my lovelace config). The appearance of the interface will not change once this is fixed, it will only be 'backend' changes. This will require some more time.
- Xiaomi Vacuum Map (the one introduced a few releases ago) has its config renewed after an update, I have not done this yet so I can not give you any examples of this card as of yet. You will find the fixed view in 0.13.1.
- Personal themes are not working when a backend theme is set, this was a change introduced into HA 0.96.x and I still haven't found a fix for this. However I did introduce a theme with a black header, this theme has nothing configured except the primary-color (which is used for the iOS status bar). To activate this you will have to set all options on the theme selector page to disabled. If you have done all this, personal themes will work for all users (the themes that can be selected through the sidebar>profile). Turn off the automation in the theme selector so that the config is persistent after a reboot. Slight workaround, but it works!!! So you can have your per user theme again. However I think most people use a global theme for all users anyways and if you do you are better off using my theme selector in lovelace instead. Using global themes also makes automating themes possible (e.g. a red valentines skin on valentines day, a cream white skin on your wedding day, a blue skin for if someone has their birthday, an orange skin for Kingsday in the Netherlands or maybe even a football skin for when your favorite football club plays). Ofcourse these are just ideas for the future but since many views have reached a somewhat completed state I will be dedicating more time to creating new themes for use with my config.

I hope I was thorough enough with this guide and if you have reached the bottom of this page succesfully then congratulations, you survived a lot of headache a lot of sweating, fear of losing control over your HA setup and maybe even swearing. Congratulations!!! You are now up to date and running 0.13.0!
Once again I apologize for the long wait. But then again I did not feel that the update was ready to be published, and in some ways I still think it isn't ready. But then again, will it ever be ready? We are talking about Home Assistant here, no way that it can be ready!

Anyways Thanks A LOT for supporting me and I really hope you will enjoy this update!
I can not promise that future updates are smaller compared to this one, but I can say that most of the work that really had to be done is mostly done. I will release a bunch of themes for HKI in the future as this is now a lot easier to do. I am also investigating ways to have a selectable wallpaper without having to change themes and I might make button colors switchable with a dropdown menu just as the border-radius and shadows now are. Thank you for your patience, good luck and see you soon!