Remember, every file described below has #comments, use these comments as guidelines for your update!

# Homekit Infused Release v. 0.13.2

Hi all, a few small fixes and changes to the 0.13.x version. I have gotten a few questions and I will answer them here.
- Where did my icons go? `mdi:` is no longer hardcoded in the template, you WILL have to add `mdi:` to every single view/include/template/popup-card etc. to EVERY icon you already had. So if you had `- icon: washing-machine` you will now have to change it to `mdi:washing-machine`. This is so it makes it possible to have the default icon of an entity if you did not set one and it will give us the ability to use a button-template (string) directly in your decluttering-card. E.g. `- icon: "[[[ if (entity.state === 'on') return 'mdi:door-open'; else return 'mdi:door'; ]]]"`.

- Help, all my buttons are gone? Alright this is because you are missing pieces for this template to work. You are missing the following `v.0.13.0/1: you are missing automations, groups and input_selects`. You need to copy all of these for the template to work. Because this question was the most common this week I have added a commented out config in the button.yaml template so you can use that in case you either don't want to use my provided theme selector, or you simply do not want to change right now or maybe it is too complicated to understand at the moment. No worries, I've got you covered in this update! So before you start copying the automations/groups/input_selects from version 0.13.0/0.13.1 please use the new automations and input_selects from 0.13.2 (this release). Not only are they massively shorter, they are also a lot easier to find and groups are no longer needed. (I will tell you later on in this guide). So remember for the button.yaml template to function properly you will either have to copy the automations and input_selects or change the config in button.yaml to the provided (commented out) config. Either way will work, though using the 'old' config will disable the extra options in theme selector (changing themes will still work, just the changing of border-radius and box-shadow won't).

- I want your style of defining views in ui-lovelace.yaml but if I do this it gives me errors, what can I do? Well to use an included directory you will first have to know how including files work. Not only will this make including files a lot easier for you in the future you can also compare the different kinds of includes in my configuration giving you all sorts of examples. Please check out this page for that https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/splitting_configuration/ For the lazy readers, just skip ahead to the advanced usage section. It will contain all you need with clear examples on which include command you can use on which kind of files or types. Having that said, I use an `!include_dir_merge_list`. This means items need to be displayed as a list (they start with a hyphen like all views and lovelace cards need by default). Because I used an included file in the past, the hyphen was already coded into `ui-lovelace.yaml`. This means that you no longer need the hyphen in the included file. (because the hyphen sits in front of the included file)
```
views:
  - !include lovelace/views/lights.yaml
```
As you can see in this example, there is already a hyphen in front of the include. Meaning the file has started with a hyphen.
Using my current method means all the hyphens are no longer hardcoded in `ui-lovelace.yaml` This means we need to put a hyphen on every view. What you need to do here is, add two spaces to the beginning of every line and put a hyphen on the first line and first column of every view. ui-lovelace.yaml will now read the entire directory at once without the need of defining each view ourselves in `ui-lovelace.yaml`. Now why would I want to do this? Well 2 reasons, I no longer have to create an entry in `ui-lovelace.yaml` whenever I add a new view. I simply create a new file. The other reason is that I can now have multiple views in a single file. So if I would have really small views I could just add more views without needing to create more files. Remember that this is absolutely unnecessary, you will have NO performance improvements or ANY improvements at all using this method but the previously mentioned two reasons. The only other reason I can think of why you should do this is because you will be up to date with my config and you will not have to remove the 2 spaces at the beginning of the line if you copy my views in the future. So feel free to do with this as you please but if you want to keep the old way, remove the hyphen and the two spaces at the beginning of each line so that the title sits on line 1 column 1 instead of the hyphen.
```
# New method
- title: view1
  path: view1
  cards:
    - etc

# Old method
title: view1
path: view1
cards:
  - etc
```
Remember that the new method renders EVERY file in the folder, if you have faulty config in any of those your lovelace will not render. Best practice to the new method is to put the views you don't use in a seperate folder so you can add them later on. Also I need to mention the reason behind numbering the first 4 views is because I want those 4 views to be in that order and the first 4 views are swipable. If you use the header remember to number all files in the order you'd want. As I do NOT use the header and I only have the first 4 views swipable the other views do not require a number as I don't care in what order they are as the way to access them will not be with the header.

### Changes Overview 05/10/2019:
v. 0.13.2
- Split entire configuration
- Renewed a lot of automations with a simpler template (because they are split now they can be found faster)
- Minor changes to the button template
- Removed tablet config (in preparation for a separate tablet view!)
- Merged main_view.yaml and frontpage.yaml (there was too much confusion around this!)
- New theme Valentine (experimental)


## Update Guide from 0.13.1 to 0.13.2:
Please read this first. In all changed files there is a `# Changed/Added in 0.13.2` tag. Change/Add these lines in your own files. Most changes are relatively small. Find these tags in any of the files that have changed so you can easily change/add your own lines/files.
This is true for every file below. Note: If it says a file has changed but there are no comments, than it is most likely you only need to remove lines. Below you can read which lines/stacks you will need to remove.
I am only human, I do this for hobby, am an amateur and bound to make mistakes. If you find anything missing to the information below feel free to make suggestions.

#### Added
*custom_components:
- Added plex_recently_added custom_component (please download this via HACS, don't use this if you don't use Plex)

*views:
- Added about.yaml (this shows the version of the current setup and contains links to some of my channels, obviously not necessary but it will help me supporting you faster as long as you update this file with every update that comes after this)

*themes:
- Added new theme (Valentine)

#### Changed:
*Templates: if you do not change templates I provide you can always just copy these files without the need of checking the code, Unless when there are added variables!
- Changed button.yaml (minor changes related to default config with icons/names and added a default config for use without theme selector. Removed old code which contained var(--upcoming-color), I have tagged the line to remove with # Removed in 0.13.2)

*Views: views contain information about your own entities, do not just copy this!
- Changed main_menu.yaml (it has the quick-access-menu changed so it can call the previously added about view that can show version information)
- Changed all views that contained a tablet part (all tablet parts have been removed because I will create a proper one)
- Changed main_view.yaml and frontpage.yaml (these files created so much confusion whilst that was never its purpose. Since tablet code is gone I have merged the two views so it'd be a single view again as any other view would be, only notifications remain split. End result is that only frontpage.yaml will remain. I'm sure this will help a lot with the confusion)

*Configuration: please do not copy these files, copy the lines you need.
- Changed ALL configuration (the configuration folder is now split into multiple files which makes finding them easier)
- Changed configuration.yaml (references to all configuration have changed to point at the new folders/files)
- Changed most of the automations to be shorter in code (it saves hundreds of lines of code)

*Note:
- I have removed most of the names/icons in lights.yaml and devices.yaml. Because of this update default icons are possible. I have changed their configuration in customize.yaml instead. This means that icons now come from the backend instead of the frontend which should (in theory) improve frontend loading. As I said before nothing will break if you don't do this.

REMINDER: To make the button template work you will need to copy the following files (or copy their config) to your own files:
```
/configuration/input_select/themes.yaml
/configuration/automations/automations.yaml
/configuration/themes/ *entire directory
```

Thanks for taking the time to read this and enjoy this release.
