
## Lovelace setup by jimz011 August 2019 v 0.1a (*updated: 09/08/2019)
### Changes 09/08/2019:
v. 0.1a
- Moved the Xiaomi Vacuum Cleaner zoned cleaning map out of the swipe-card into its own view. Swipe-card would not allow for this card to be used properly.
- Moved PostNL out of the swipe-card in the personal views so that photos of letters can now be used. Swipe-card would not allow for this card to be used properly.
- Small changes to the quickmenu on the personal views, the left button will now take you to the PostNL view. 
- Small changes to the quickmenu on the vacuum view, the left button will now take you to the manual zoned cleaning view.
- Small changes to the quickmenu on the dog view, the left button will now take you to the right view.
- Added a brand new weather view (this is not the weather view on the frontpage, that one is still up for rework)

## Update Guide from 07/08/2019 to 0.1a:
Please read this first. In all changed files there is a `# Changed/Added in 0.1`. Change/Add these lines in your own files. With the exception of vacuum.yaml these are relatively small changes and mostly be just 3 to 5 lines each page. Find these tags in any of the files that have changed so you can easily change/add your own lines/files.
This is true for every file below. Note: If it says a file has changed but there are no comments, than it is most likely you only need to remove lines. Below you can read which lines/stacks you will need to remove.
I am only human, I do this for hobby, am an amateur and bound to make mistakes. If you find anything missing to the information below feel free to make suggestions.

#### Added Views: (these are new views and do not require editing)
- Added vacuum-zoned-cleaning.yaml
- Added weather.yaml
- Added postnl-jimmy.yaml
- Added postnl-stephanie.yaml

#### Added Resources:
- Added weather-card-chart.js (please import this in HACS https://github.com/sgttrs/lovelace-weather-card-chart)
- Added more-info-card.js (Please import this in HACS https://github.com/thomasloven/lovelace-more-info-card)

#### Changed:
- Changed ui-lovelace.yaml (add all the added views above to this file with !includes just like the other views)
- Changed resources.yaml (add all the added resources above to this file, please use HACS)
- Changed stephanie.yaml (see comments in the file)
- Changed jimmy.yaml (see comments in the file)
- Changed vacuum.yaml (see comments in the file and remove the complete zoned cleaning, the one with the map, vertical stack from the swipe-card)
- Changed automations.yaml (Tado commands were broken due to the new hvac stuff from 0.96.x, this has been adjusted, for convenience these automations have been moved to the bottom of the file, please remove your old ones)
- Changed climate-template.yaml (This fixes the hvac states on the thermostat-card for tado radiators on the HK controller, might not work for your specific radiator)
- Changed switch-template.yaml (added a template for margin-top on a name)
- Changed person-more-info.yaml (remove the complete PostNL vertical stack from the swipe-card)
- Changed tala.yaml (this is the dog view, see comments in the file)
