## Lovelace setup by jimz011 August 2019 v 0.11.0 (*updated: 13/08/2019)
### Changes 13/08/2019:
v. 0.11.0
- The simple weather card now has a tap_action available! Special thanks to @kalkih
- Deep Press (3d Touch) has been updated and now fixes the double click. (please update this component via HACS) Special thanks to @roflcoopter
- Added descriptive text on ALL decluttering-templates
- Changed Homekit Gray Light theme to be light in the dashboard/config as well
- Re-added a hold action to the third quick access menu button
- Removed weather popup (it will now navigate you to the weather page)
- Version names of these releases will now have the same notations as that HA did/does use. (e.g. 0.11.0)
- PostNL custom_component updated, but I still urge you to get it from @peternijssen's own repo!

## Update Guide from 0.1b to 0.11.0:
Please read this first. In all changed files there is a `# Changed/Added in 0.11.0`. Change/Add these lines in your own files. With the exception of vacuum.yaml these are relatively small changes and mostly be just 3 to 5 lines each page. Find these tags in any of the files that have changed so you can easily change/add your own lines/files.
This is true for every file below. Note: If it says a file has changed but there are no comments, than it is most likely you only need to remove lines. Below you can read which lines/stacks you will need to remove.
I am only human, I do this for hobby, am an amateur and bound to make mistakes. If you find anything missing to the information below feel free to make suggestions.

#### Added Views: No additions in this release

#### Added Resources: No extra resources in this release

#### Added Templates: No additions in this release

#### Changed:
*Templates: 
*if you do not change templates I provide you can always just copy these files without the need of checking the code, Unless when there are added variables!
- Changed person-more-info.yaml (renamed namesensor to emailsensor, removed mailsensor as haveibeenpwned no longer works without paying)
- Changed header-template.yaml (hardcoded a white color, only do this if you do not use light wallpapers)
- Changed simple-weather-card-template.yaml (hardcoded tap_action with navigation, you can change the navigation path in this card)
- Changed back-button.yaml (the hold_action is now back on the third button as requested)
- Changed ALL decluttering templates to have more detailed information and defaults (also you can find all usable variables here. You do not need this if you update, it is only informative, all changes you do need are marked with # Changed/Added in 0.11.0)

*Views:
*views contain information about your own entities, do not just copy this!
- Changed jimmy.yaml (removed mailsensor and renamed namesensor to emailsensor)
- Changed stephanie.yaml (removed mailsensor and renamed namesensor to emailsensor)
- Changed main-view.yaml (removed popup cards leading to the weather card, You must remove this or paths get broken and lovelace will not load unless you still have the original file it led to)
- Changed frontpage.yaml (added hold_action to the third button of the quick access menu)
- Changed weather.yaml (now has the theme colors coded in to make it more consistent with the rest of the theme)

*Configuration:
*you probably do not need to copy this, I just upload it for my personal reference.
- Changed sensor.yaml (removed all unused/non-working sensors/platforms)

*Themes:
*if you do not touch themes, you can safely copy this over your old one.
- Changed original-hk-light.yaml (this is the original Homekit theme I made, now menu/dashboard and dev-state colors are light instead of dark when this theme is active)

#### Removed
- Removed weather-temporary.yaml (well the name said it, it was temporary. The fixes in simple-weather-card made this card no longer needed)

